[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on "Cosmic
Disclosure," we're with Tim,
a tactical advisor from Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies in relation
to extraterrestrial groups
in contact with Earth.
Also joining us today
is Richard Doty,
a retired
counterintelligence agent
who served in Air Force Office
of Special Investigations.
Welcome, gentlemen.
>> RICHARD DOTY: Thank you.
Good to be here, Emery.
>> TIM: Thank you, and
I love the perspectives.
>> EMERY: It's so rare that
we have two guests on the show
exploring the same
topic together.
It's really going to
be a fascinating day.
I'm very excited.
And we have one thing that
you guys all have in common is
extraterrestrial types.
So I think what we
would like to do
is get a US perspective
of that and also
a German perspective of that.
So maybe, Rick, you
would like to start off
with that, the types.
>> DOTY: During my time with
the Air Force Office of Special
Investigations, I had access
to information pertaining
to extraterrestrial life and
contacts that we had with these
entities that visited Earth
over a period of time.
The DIA had named
these entities.
And we talk about
the first one, Ebens,
who came to us here from Zeta
Reticuli, the crash site,
and crashed in
Roswell, New Mexico.
And then we had other races,
such as the Archeloids,
the Tarantuloids, the
Hepaloids, and the Akerloids.
So one thing I want
to really stress
is that each one of these
five entities that we
knew about back then came
from different planets.
They came here with
different technologies,
and their bodies were
biologically different
from each other.
>> EMERY: Yeah, I think there's
a misconception out there that
all these craft and all the
extraterrestrials were all from
one place.
>> DOTY: No.
They were from different places.
The Ebens, we know they
came from Zeta Reticuli.
The Archeloids came
from another star group.
The Quantaloids--
they're all different,
and they look different.
If we were able to capture,
say, for instance, and Archeloid
and an Eben, we
would have to set up
different facilities
in order for them
to adapt and live on
our planet because they
breath different air or gases.
>> EMERY: Rick, can you define
these types that you just
mentioned to the audience,
so they have a better
understanding of it?
>> DOTY: One of the things
that was so confusing to us was
that-- we didn't
know it at the time,
but later on, we determined that
they were able to manufacture
humanoids which are
somewhat androids.
They were somewhat computerized.
And we don't know
how they did it.
And I don't have the
necessary background
on explaining that part of it.
But they can take on
different appearances.
Whereas the Ebens,
they were the Greys.
They didn't take on
other appearances.
They were Greys.
They appeared as Greys.
And now, they were
able to manufacture
other robotic types of
entities that assisted them
in space exploration.
But if they came to
you here in this room,
they would appear
to be the Greys.
Now the Quantaloids,
there were different.
They could take on
humanoid appearances.
They could be
considered the Nordics
or the Scandinavian types.
Again, they had other entities
that they could create--
their robotics, their
assistance, so to speak.
When we dealt with
them, what I read
was that they had what was
referred in the document
as assistants, entities that
did work for them that they
wouldn't do or couldn't do.
And these assistants also
spoke other languages,
whereas the Slavic-looking ones
and the Nordic-looking ones,
they could speak English.
But for some reason, they
couldn't speak other languages.
And so each one of these,
the Hepaloids were,
again, they took on
different appearances.
They can be the smaller ones.
They can appear
with larger heads.
They're the ones that are the
frightening ones, possibly
the ones that might have
appeared in the Mississippi
incident, where the
two men on a dock
saw these entities appearing and
missing time back in the '70s,
I believe.
So every one of these brought
on a different appearance.
But they were all from different
places in the universe,
and they were all
biologically different.
>> EMERY: Tim, what's your
experience with some of these
beings?
You heard Rick talk
about his experiences.
Maybe you can tell
us a bit about yours.
>> TIM: Sure.
So the first thing,
I have to say
that I am from my background--
I don't know names
that Rick brought up,
but I can confirm
the information.
I did have several
years of direct contact
with some of them.
And it's true.
So there are those preying
mantis style insectoid beings.
They have an alliance with
what I would call the greys.
So something that
seems important to say
from my perspective is that
there are Ebens and a species
that I would refer to as Greys.
They are both greyish
from the color.
But the Ebens are an
actually biological life
form which needs to eat food.
So they consume, they
digest, they breathe.
While what I would
refer to as Greys
are smaller beings, about one
and a half meter, maybe less--
the Ebens are a little taller.
And they are fiber
beings, which means
they have developed
over the necessity
to have biological bodies.
This is something they got
rid of because they felt
there's no actual need anymore.
That brought some
problems to their species.
That's also why they are kind
of interested in humanity
because humans--
from a table of potential
evolutionary options,
humans rank very high.
They have a lot
of diversity going
on on Earth, which means they
need to solve a lot of things.
They make a lot of experience.
That brings the
potential of evolution
in a pretty high range.
And that is interesting
to the Greys--
what I would refer to as Greys.
The color is a little different.
Again, the Ebens are
biological beings.
The Greys are
fiber-printed beings,
which make them also connected
to a different energetic force
or power.
And they do not digest
the way the Ebens do,
and they do not consume.
And I also can confirm the
technology you mentioned,
which, to my
knowledge, is something
that came from what I would
refer to as Greys, which
is a kind of
consciousness-assisted avatar
thing, where a Grey
consciousness can move into,
and they totally
appear as a human form.
And the same technology is
used by the preying mantis.
So that is why the preying
mantis sometimes looks
and appears like human forms.
>> EMERY: Like a programmed life
form or a type of AI hybrid?
>> TIM: No.
It's an empty vessel
that looks like a human,
and it's also a
biologically grown body.
And they can, because it's some
kind of-- the consciousness
and the awareness
is something that
can be extracted from
one vessel to another.
The greys are
pretty good at that.
This is pretty much what they
do to all their lineages.
And that is what they do.
They take these empty vessels,
they put their consciousness
into that, and they can even
speak German through that.
And through their
alliance which they have,
the preying mantis
can do that as well.
>> DOTY: During my time in
government intelligence,
we learned some of this.
I mean, I heard a lot of
scientists talk about this,
although I was not
directly involved
with any analytical
portions of trying
to explain what the
different races did
or the complexity of them.
But one of the things that
was presented in the documents
and was highly
classified at one time
is that these entities can take
on different appearances of us.
And it was what our
scientists refer
to as more relaxing to
a human to see something
that they could
understand, especially
in abduction situations.
They would appear
as something that
was more relaxing to the
target or the person that
might be being abducted or
contacted, the contactee.
And so they can.
And what I understood was of
most of these different races
could appear differently.
Or we thought that maybe there
was some other entity that they
brought into the picture.
Maybe it wasn't
them that was making
this appearance but some other
entity that was brought in.
And that's why I was
talking about human androids
that the Ebens created that
could do work for them.
But one of the things that was
clear in these documents that I
read back in the '80s--
probably, the middle '80s
was that these entities
were so complex that was very
difficult for us to understand
their biological nature, the
physiological nature, and even
how they functioned because
they were so advanced.
And their bodies were
made of things that--
types of structures that
we had never seen before.
So we couldn't go
to a science book
and open it up or a biology
book or an anatomy book
and say, OK,
compare this to this
because we had nothing to
compare these entities with.
>> EMERY: And through
my experience,
I was exposed to cloning
and, as Tim was saying,
this consciousness being
infused into the body.
Now Tim, you and I have talked
about this on other shows.
You told me at one time that--
is it possible that they
could actually take
a normal human person
and take over that body?
Is that possible?
>> TIM: I think that is a
possibility that can be done
and also depends on the
level of consciousness,
the defensive that a subject
can build up in order to protect
oneself.
>> EMERY: Could they take over
a political figure, let's say?
>> TIM: Some beings are
more into technology.
Some beings are
more into something
that we would call mind control.
There are also
beings-- and we talked
about that-- who are
Reptilian from their genetics
that can alter their
appearance, but they are also
using a psionic
kind of technique
in order to confuse people
in what they perceive.
That is also why
sometimes, you have
cameras that pick up
something different than what
people would pick up on.
I think that the Greys did
use some other efforts.
They put a lot of effort
into contacting humans.
They placed hybrids
on this planet.
There is, I think it's
called, a tall white in pop
culture, which are basically
hybrids from the Greys placed
especially in North America.
And they tend to have human
bodies and greyish faces--
can be the other way around.
They have greyish
bodies and a human face.
So this is kind of the
early stages in the--
I don't know-- maybe around
the '80s, where the Greys tried
to--
they did a lot of contact
with the governments.
They felt that other things
are necessary in order
to communicate with humans.
They also came to conclusion--
and there is something we had
a lot of exchange on--
that people react very
paranoid and paradox
for their view when they
so-called abduct somebody.
So I think there's a
lot of misconception,
at least from abductees
on the experience.
But also, the effort that
they made to contact humanity
was huge.
>> EMERY: Right.
Rick, what could you tell
us more about the Greys
and the political figure
and also the documentation
that you've covered?
>> DOTY: Well, one of the--
the actual incident I'm
going to talk about--
it's something that
happened at Fort Dix,
an army base in New Jersey
back in the '70s, whereby
we actually shot an ET.
But there was a
surveillance camera.
And there's people who
have spoken and given
presentations on this.
Wendelle Stevens
was one of them.
Robert Dean was another one.
Clifford Stone
talked about this--
a number of other
different people.
So I'm not trying to steal
their bandwagon, so to speak.
But one of the things that
hasn't really been brought out
is that there was
surveillance cameras
on the perimeter of this base.
It was inside the base.
It was actually a
top-secret facility
that this entity
was getting into.
But on the camera, you see
one particular appearance
of this entity.
But when it came over the fence,
it appeared as a human being.
So this particular
entity had the ability
to go from its original
form into something
that the MPs, the Military
Police, could relate to.
Unfortunately, it was shot.
But that's an example of how
they can change appearances.
And I don't have the
knowledge of exactly which
entity this was.
But I believe it was a Grey,
but it was a taller Grey.
It wasn't the four to five-foot.
It was actually almost
five and a half foot
or even close to maybe to six
foot or, like, two meters.
So there has been a lot
of different stories.
There's actually been
books written about this.
But one of the things
that wasn't mentioned,
other than they had--
in these presentations,
they talk
about a surveillance camera.
They don't go into
details of what
was appearing on it because
that was classified and remained
classified.
In fact, Wendelle Stevens, who
had been out of the Air Force
for a long time,
says, I'm not going
to talk about the
surveillance camera
because I think that information
might scare the public.
If some entity coming
from another planet
was able to come here and make
an appearance like a human,
so you would become maybe
friends with or walk up to,
and then suddenly,
it changed into
some hideous-looking entity.
>> TIM: Yeah, so I get--
it's totally right.
And I think it comes down to the
agenda of the specific species,
I guess, because at
least some of the--
not all of them-- but some
of the more Reptilian origin
species that
interact with Earth,
they have a wider consciousness
on what's happening on Earth
compared to the
mainstream common people--
human on Earth.
And they seem to take advantage
of the structure and the power
structure at some time.
The Greys seem to have a
different agenda on that.
I'm pretty sure-- to come
back to your question, Emery--
they could produce some
kind of clone or something
that appears like a political
figure, for example.
I don't think that they
will do that because they
have a different
approach to humanity.
They are not getting
into taking advantage
of the power structures.
>> EMERY: Right.
>> DOTY: They are more into
the genetics that are placed
on Earth.
They are one of the--
we know that there are
about 12 species that
have put their genetics
into humans way back.
The Greys were one of them.
And also because they had
some spiritual path they were
on, and they made some
mistakes, they have some kind
of-- their stock's in
humanity, and they try to--
that's their actual agenda.
When we were talking with them--
or when I was communicating with
them, one of the main questions
was, what's their agenda?
Are they a threat or not?
And something that they
came up is that they're
interested in preserving the--
they call it tonal
dynamics, which
means they are interested
in development of humanity,
so humanity can
make experiences.
And they have this
kind of cooperating
species that kind of
learns from the experiences
of other species.
So that is why they
are interested.
And that is also
why they pick up--
or get in contact
with different people.
They get in contact
with governments
because they have this pyramidal
scheme, authoritarian society
that they live in.
But they take
farmer people from--
I don't know-- Minnesota.
It's not a good reference?
I don't know.
Or a businessperson from
New York or something.
They don't care about the
social-cultural position
other than, for example,
some other species that
have influences on us.
>> EMERY: Now I've
never seen this,
but I've heard through
many investigators that
the Reptilians are working
with Greys sometimes.
And isn't there some sort of
opposition there since they
both have different agendas?
>> TIM: So it's hard to
figure out when we're saying
Reptilians, we have like--
>> EMERY: Right, assuming.
>> TIM: --a huge
number of species.
Like I already told you
in a previous episode,
there are some
Reptilian species that
do look like reptiles, like
this snout or something.
But there are also
species that have
evolved in a different way.
They look differently.
And we all know that
inside of human genetics,
they have found
reptile DNA strings.
>> EMERY: Yes, absolutely.
>> TIM: You know about that.
>> EMERY: Of course, yes.
>> TIM: So as I said there
are about 12 species.
They all have their own agendas,
and they have manipulated
the genetics of human beings.
>> EMERY: Right.
Could you elaborate
more on these 12 species
you just talked about?
>> TIM: Yeah.
I haven't got details
on all of them.
I know that it's
about 12 species--
at least, that we know of.
There might be some other
influences that we don't know.
But the Greys were one of them.
Actually, the Greys,
in some way or another,
they see themselves as the
father species of humanity
because way back--
and they are time travelers,
which is pretty interesting.
They have understood
the temporal dynamics;
that time can be a dimension
as well in which you
can move forward or backwards.
And that's the way they got
their stocks into humanity
and also the way
they argue why they
can be so invasive in some
kind of way or another
because most species tend to
not go proactively into species
and influence them
or affect them.
But the Greys do.
And they say they were
here way down the line.
They evolved the human
species from an ape species.
And they also have humans
that transformed into the Grey
society because the
Greys, what they are doing
is extracting
consciousness from bodies
and putting them
inside of their very
intellectualized
and mental system.
They have this kind
of internet going on,
where they extract souls or
extract awarenesses and put
them inside of their system.
And so a lot of species, a lot
of-- even star systems planets,
they are all kind
of inside of what
I refer to as Greys, and
that's their mission.
>> EMERY: So basically,
what you're saying,
there's many different types
of Greys out of these 12
you're talking about that are
different hybrids, and races,
and mixes of
extraterrestrial DNA.
>> TIM: They are
constantly evolving
because of the experiences and
genetics they take and extract
from other races.
They are building upon that.
They have this thought--
because they go back and
destroy their old lineages,
they have this thought that they
come to a point in the universe
where they have
connected to everything.
And then in the final last
step, they radiate or erase
their own final
last step and then
ascend to a unified universe.
>> EMERY: Great.
So Rick, tell me a little
bit about your insights
on what Tim just shared.
>> DOTY: Well, what Tim
just shared was fascinating.
But Tim opened up what I
would call a Pandora's box.
There's been things
that I've discussed,
and haven't discussed, and
won't discuss about my knowledge
of the ET phenomena.
And one of them is
the fact that back
in the '80s, one of the
things that the United States
government-- this is something
I probably would never
have talked about until now.
Tim brings it up, so
I'm going to tell you.
It's out in the open.
It's one of the things that
the United States government
was very, very concerned about--
and this didn't start in 1980.
It probably started
way before 1980,
when we had an Eben in captivity
at Los Alamos from '47 to '52.
But one of the things that
President Reagan was deathly
afraid of-- his administration,
during that early part
of the '80s was
whether an ET could
take over a body, such
as a politician's body,
and maybe run the government
or whether they could perform
a mutiny, whether these entities
could come in and spread out
within the government
and take over everything.
And one of the things
that we started
creating in the '80s
with biometrics,
they developed--
there was a number
of different laboratories
that was contracted
to develop biometric
systems to make sure
that a human being was
who they said they were.
So there was, I think, five
different biometric factors
that they were
able to experiment
with that they could
identify a human
as that particular person.
And they were primarily
concerned with the government,
that the politicians within
the government-- the president,
vice president, members of
his cabinet, and so forth.
They weren't talking about
the entire human race.
But they're talking
about just their--
and so they were
able to do this.
They were able to experiment.
And there were five people.
One of them was
Caspar Weinberger.
He was one of the
ones that they first
gathered this biometric system.
And he was one that was they
called labeled to make sure
that-- he's Secretary
of Defense--
make sure that he was
who he said he was.
And there were factors,
and there was a system
that they could identify him
within just a few seconds.
And I don't know exactly
what that system is.
Maybe Tim knows.
But there were
biometric systems--
and you know about biometrics--
that they gathered about
from these different members
of Congress in order
to protect them
from being cloned into
something extraterrestrial.
>> EMERY: You know, absolutely,
I can definitely verify that,
working at Los Alamos
Labs in Sandia.
It's very perfected now.
They can do it
from very far away.
It measures DNA frequency.
When you clone someone, the
DNA does change a little bit.
So if there was any
manipulation of your DNA,
they would know right away.
And it would stand out.
And they also use
different types
of scanners, types of video--
types of scanners that
can look at the body.
Just like you said,
the camera picked up
this entity jumping over the
fence, and all of a sudden,
it went human.
There's some special
cameras they use.
They cannot hide from that.
They can see the inner
parts of the being.
>> DOTY: Well, one of the
things I worked on or was part
of during my time at the
Institute for Advanced Studies
was human frequencies.
Every human being has
a particular frequency.
We measured it, and it was
just like a fingerprint.
We know the exact frequency
of every human body
because everyone
has different one.
And then the key is how to
manipulate that frequency.
Number one, as you said,
measure the frequency,
know what frequency that is.
Number two, make sure
that when that person
comes into the room,
that particular frequency
you're measuring--
not the human being
walking in, but make sure
that frequency is connected
to that human being.
And number three is how to
manipulate that frequency.
And we were doing experiments--
and this is still classified,
I'm not going into that-- how
to manipulate frequencies.
>> EMERY: Right.
The Reptilian-- they
had a problem back
in the early '90s with the
Reptilians, as you said,
because they were
able to manipulate
the frequency in front of them.
So basically, they could
get by some of our equipment
and techniques to see that.
But it was all frequency-based.
>> TIM: You both are right.
It's true.
>> EMERY: What do you
think about that, Tim?
>> TIM: So to my knowledge--
and you both said it already--
there are two ways to test it.
It's one, the frequency
because, I think, in the '90s,
they found out that every entity
irradiates some different kind
of frequencies.
This is something they
can measure by scanners.
And the second thing
is, there exists
a quick test, which is
basically taking genetics
in order to see that.
The genetic one is
probably more accurate,
whereas the frequency
one is more global
and can take a wide
range of people.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
Right now, there are satellites
that track anyone at any time.
If anyone's been to an
airport, a train station, a bus
station, or a major city, your
frequency has been recorded.
And it is what it is.
So they can find out where
Emery Smith is at just
the push of a button anywhere
on the planet, even underground.
>> DOTY: Another thing that--
as long as we're opened
up this box here--
another thing that we found back
then, in the early '80s was--
I'm not going to go into great
details on abduction phenomena.
But the hybrids, the ETs--
and I don't know which one.
Maybe Tim knows.
I don't know which race
was able to manipulate
DNA in the human body.
Of course, back
then in those days,
DNA was just on the forefront.
I mean, we didn't
know a lot about it.
But they were able
to manipulate the DNA
to make it look
human or test human.
But in actuality,
they masked it.
And I don't know
how they did it,
and I would be
interested to hear
what Tim would have to say about
how a ET race could manipulate
human DNA.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> ANNOUNCER: Next on
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
>> TIM: The Greys are in
contact with different planets.
They have done
genetic manipulation
on different, other species.
They manipulated human DNA
at least 15,000 years ago.
>> DOTY: And one of the things
that Eben 1 stressed to us was,
we're not here to hurt you.
We're not here to harm you.
We're here to study you
because we've placed you here.
And now, we want to
look at your evolution.
>> TIM: Species that
go higher in awareness.
They understand that
we are connected
and that we need to be in
friendship with each other.
And that is their
approach to the universe.
[THEME MUSIC]